SCIM Endpoint GA - MERGE 10/5 (#4175)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/endpoints/scim/put_update_existing_user_account.md

---
nav_title: "PUT: Update Dashboard User Account"
article_title: "PUT: Update Dashboard User Account"
alias: /post_update_existing_user_account/
search_tag: Endpoint
page_order: 4
layout: api_page
page_type: reference
description: "This article outlines details about the Update Existing Dashboard User Account Endpoint."
---

{% api %}
# Update an existing dashboard user account
{% apimethod put %}
/scim/v2/users/YOUR_ID_HERE
{% endapimethod %}

This endpoint allows you to update an existing dashboard user account by specifying email, given and family names, permissions (for setting permissions at the company, app group, and team level). For information on how to obtain a SCIM token, visit [Automated user provisioning]({{site.baseurl}}/scim/automated_user_provisioning/).

> For security reasons, userName (email address) cannot be updated through this endpoint at this time. If you would like to change the userName (email address) for a user, contact support@braze.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, `userName` (email address) cannot be updated through this endpoint at this time. If you would like to change the `userName` (email address) for a user, contact [Support]({{site.baseurl}}/support_contact/).
```
